a big accomplishment for three local
students that's coming up next on the
SAT is rare but apparently not
impossible a perfect score on the SATs
is a pretty big deal most years about
one student 5,000 manages to do it so
imagine the excitement at Arcadia High
School where three students got perfect
scores they talked to Eyewitness News
reporter Joe Oliver what are the odds
that three students from the same high
school would all get a perfect school on
the SAT it seems almost got me yet these
16 year-olds at Arcadia High School beat
those odds last November earning 24
hundreds on one of the most difficult
and stressful test for high schoolers
going into the SAT I just told myself I
shouldn't stress too much about it so I
kind of took the laid-back approach
family Titus Wu and Jeffrey Wang all
took the same SAT prep course but they
say it was what they did throughout
their school careers and on their free
time that might have been the real key
to their accomplishment maybe um if you
work hard in school you try your best in
all your classes if you especially meet
alone you would definitely deal with
like much better than average
Titus says he reads newspapers to relax
Geoffrey prefers magazines like the New
Yorker you could sort of pick up on the
writing style and you begin to think
more analytically these students are
just super smart they're active in
school clubs sports and even Boy Scouts
it's not just about taking a test it's
about being very intelligent and knowing
how to apply that intelligence they're
humble to each one says they were
completely surprised by their top
scorers I literally thought like someone
print me like sent me the wrong
what page or something I was just amazed
because I didn't speak at all I was
really scared to check my school but
when I finally did I literally screamed
in Arcadia
Giovanna Lana ABC 7 Eyewitness News
pretty impressive style right there but
sure they're gonna have a pretty easy
time getting in the car
feeling that's true well thank you for
joining for Eyewitness News at six World
News Tonight with David viewers coming
up next